README.md, before:

# Vue 3 + TypeScript + Vite

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 and TypeScript in Vite. The template uses Vue 3 `<script setup>` SFCs, check out the [script setup docs](https://v3.vuejs.org/api/sfc-script-setup.html#sfc-script-setup) to learn more.

## Recommended IDE Setup

-   [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur) + [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin).

## Type Support For `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin) to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

If the standalone TypeScript plugin doesn't feel fast enough to you, Volar has also implemented a [Take Over Mode](https://github.com/johnsoncodehk/volar/discussions/471#discussioncomment-1361669) that is more performant. You can enable it by the following steps:

1. Disable the built-in TypeScript Extension
    1. Run `Extensions: Show Built-in Extensions` from VSCode's command palette
    2. Find `TypeScript and JavaScript Language Features`, right click and select `Disable (Workspace)`
2. Reload the VSCode window by running `Developer: Reload Window` from the command palette.

Commit message:

docs(readme): prepairing for project archive
This project will be archived.

README.md, after:

# 💬 WebSocket Chat Overlay for OBS

YouTube Livestream chat overlay in your OBS, streamlined.

## UNMAINTAINED.

Sorry. You may ask why, but it's happened because something unwanted happens.

If you want to know, this thing is created especially for [**Choco Latte**](https://youtube.com/@ChocoLatteCh), a Virtual YouTuber based in Indonesia. Now this project is half way from finished progress, but she suddenly decides to stopping her process as Virtual YouTuber & Virtual Streamer. So, I decided to stop this project too.

> a short message:
> 
> Farewell and thank you, Choco. I will always waiting for your comeback. :sob:

[**Read the official news!**](https://www.facebook.com/catchocolattech/posts/pfbid0TRbgyUkEHkuB2YhFHhrWyNkXbG8mYM3KR2uLfDySF24mN859QPt6inqynoWf4AJ5l)

## Using

1. Create new Browser Source in your OBS,
2. Fill the URL section with this website URL,
3. Add `?liveId` or `?channelId` parameter to the end of the URL and fill it using your own YouTube Live ID or Channel ID,
4. Set the width and height of the source within your preferences,
5. Set some custom CSS if necessary,
6. Done.

## License

This project is licensed under [MIT License](./LICENSE).
